# Python Portfolio
Portfolio of data science projects presented in the form of iPython Notebooks, and .py files

For a more visually pleasant experience for browsing the portfolio, check out hjbok.github.io

*Note: Data used in the projects (accessed under data directory) is for demonstration purposes only*

## Motivation
This repository would be a shortcut to who wants to improve data-science skills to next-level, as it contains a numerious real-life data science example and notebooks created by [@hyunjoonbok](bokhyunjoon@gmail.com) and revised from state-of-the-art codes.

As Python is nowadays for #DataScience. I have managed to use the best out of Python to use its full functionality for not only simple EDA, but building a complex ML/DL models.


## Table of contents
* [ALL Portfolio](#Contents)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Features](#features)
* [Status](#status)
* [Contact](#contact)

## General info
Add more general information about project. What the purpose of the project is? Motivation?

## Contents
- ### Machine Learning

	- [Predicting Boston Housing Prices](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/boston_housing/boston_housing.ipynb): A model to predict the value of a given house in the Boston real estate market using various statistical analysis tools. Identified the best price that a client can sell their house utilizing machine learning.
	- [Supervised Learning: Finding Donors for CharityML](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/finding_donors/finding_donors.ipynb): Testing out several different supervised learning algorithms to build a model that accurately predicts whether an individual makes more than $50,000, to identify likely donors for a fictional non-profit organisation.
	- [Unsupervised Learning: Creating Customer Segments](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/customer_segments/customer_segments.ipynb): Analyzing a dataset containing data on various customers' annual spending amounts (reported in monetary units) of diverse product categories for discovering internal structure, patterns and knowledge.
	- [Reinforcement Learning: Training a Smartcab to Drive](https://github.com/sajal2692/Training-a-Smartcab-to-Drive): Creating an optimized Q-Learning driving agent that will navigate a Smartcab through its environment towards a goal.
	- [Deep Learning: Digit Sequence Recognition using CNNs](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/digit_recognition-mnist-sequence.ipynb):  Designing and implementing a Convolutional Neural Network that learns to recognize sequences of digits using synthetic data generated by concatenating images from MNIST.

	_Tools: scikit-learn, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Pygame_ 

- ### Deeplearning

  - [3-way Sentiment Analysis for Tweets](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/3-Way%20Sentiment%20Analysis%20for%20Tweets.ipynb): 3-way polarity (positive, negative, neutral) classification system for tweets, without using NLTK's sentiment analysis engine.

  - [Cross language Information Retrieval](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Cross%20Language%20Information%20Retrieval.ipynb): Cross language information retrieval system (CLIR) which, given a query in German, searches text documents written in English.

  _Tools: NLTK, scikit_

- ### Time Series
  - [Scalable Walkability Analysis of Melbourne](https://github.com/sajal2692/Scalable-Walkability-Analysis-of-Melbourne): Analysis of walkability of suburbs in Melbourne, Victoria and its implications.
  - [Titanic Dataset - Exploratory Analysis](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Titanic%20Dataset%20-%20Exploratory%20Analysis.ipynb): Exploratory Analysis of the passengers onboard RMS Titanic using Pandas and Seaborn visualisations.
  - [Stock Market Analysis for Tech Stocks](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/Stock%20Market%20Analysis%20for%20Tech%20Stocks.ipynb): Analysis of technology stocks including change in price over time, daily returns, and stock behaviour prediction.
  - [2016 US General Election Poll Data Analysis](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/2016%20General%20Election%20Poll%20Analysis.ipynb): Very simple analysis of 2016 US General Election Poll data.
  - [911 Calls - Exploratory Analysis](https://github.com/sajal2692/data-science-portfolio/blob/master/911%20Calls%20-%20Exploratory%20Analysis.ipynb): Exploratory Data Analysis of the 911 calls dataset hosted on Kaggle. Demonstrates extraction of useful features from different variables.

  _Tools: Pandas, Folium, Seaborn and Matplotlib_

- ### NLP/TextClassification

- ### Micellenous
   - [ElasticSearch connections with Python](https://github.com/hyunjoonbok/Python-Projects/blob/master/ATG_work/%5BATG%5D%20ElasticSearch%20connections%20with%20Python-v2.ipynb): Use of Python language to pull data directly from ELK stack. Origianlly came in to JSON format, convert it to Dataframe and do simple EDA / Visualization.
   - [Image Restoration_and_Enhancement using Generative Adversarial Network(GANs)](https://github.com/hyunjoonbok/Python-Projects/blob/master/Fast.ai/(Fast.ai)%20%5BNew%5D%20GAN%20-%20Image%20Restoration_and_Enhancement.ipynb): Use Fast.ai framework to load image data, create generator/discriminator from images. Then create a model with a custom GAN loss function. Check error and improve on test image sets.
   
GAN - Image Restoration_and_Enhancement.ipynb
## Technologies
* *Fast.ai*
* *Pytorch*
* *Tensorflow*

## Setup
Describe how to install / setup your local environement / add link to demo version.

## Code Examples
Show examples of usage:
`put-your-code-here`

## Features
List of features ready and TODOs for future development
* Awesome feature 1
* Awesome feature 2
* Awesome feature 3

## Status
Project is: 
_in progress_
_finished_ 

## Contact
Created by [@hyunjoonbok](bokhyunjoon@gmail.com) - feel free to contact me!
